# Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`class `[`T9602`](#classT9602) | Library for the IP67-rated [T9602](#classT9602) I2C temperature and relative humidity sensor.

# class `T9602` 

Library for the IP67-rated [T9602](#classT9602) I2C temperature and relative humidity sensor.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public  `[`T9602`](#classT9602_1a91354c67d1916d8d9da94075cef2dffe)`()` | Instantiate the [T9602](#classT9602) sensor class.
`public uint8_t `[`begin`](#classT9602_1a1a002c81b52d785bc6484f506729f290)`(uint8_t ADR_)` | Begin communications with the [T9602](#classT9602) sensor.
`public void `[`updateMeasurements`](#classT9602_1a9408c612d13b436276e85517eb2b6e33)`()` | Measure relative humidity [%] and temperature [degrees C].
`public float `[`getHumidity`](#classT9602_1ad867bc9c22051598efb382bebddc71f0)`()` | Return the stored relative humidity [%].
`public float `[`getTemperature`](#classT9602_1a4dcf77a0576e47ea169969ba06816430)`()` | Return the stored temperature [degrees C].
`public String `[`getString`](#classT9602_1aa13c978b79aa0ab0a82676757c88cefa)`(bool takeNewReadings)` | The most important function for the user! Returns all data as a comma-separated string: "RH,T,".
`public String `[`getHeader`](#classT9602_1a1c142e679718be0af6c894d189645d3a)`()` | Return the header as an Arduino string: "Relative Humidity [%],Temp Atmos [C],".
`public bool `[`sleep`](#classT9602_1aa2b24ba14c280c5219f8b5346a1fe02b)`()` | Dummy function to enable sleep mode.

## Members

#### `public  `[`T9602`](#classT9602_1a91354c67d1916d8d9da94075cef2dffe)`()` 

Instantiate the [T9602](#classT9602) sensor class.

#### `public uint8_t `[`begin`](#classT9602_1a1a002c81b52d785bc6484f506729f290)`(uint8_t ADR_)` 

Begin communications with the [T9602](#classT9602) sensor.

#### Parameters
* `ADR_` I2C address. Defaults to 0x28. This library cannot change this, but this option exists in case you make this change elsewhere.

#### `public void `[`updateMeasurements`](#classT9602_1a9408c612d13b436276e85517eb2b6e33)`()` 

Measure relative humidity [%] and temperature [degrees C].

#### `public float `[`getHumidity`](#classT9602_1ad867bc9c22051598efb382bebddc71f0)`()` 

Return the stored relative humidity [%].

#### `public float `[`getTemperature`](#classT9602_1a4dcf77a0576e47ea169969ba06816430)`()` 

Return the stored temperature [degrees C].

#### `public String `[`getString`](#classT9602_1aa13c978b79aa0ab0a82676757c88cefa)`(bool takeNewReadings)` 

The most important function for the user! Returns all data as a comma-separated string: "RH,T,".

This string is: "RELATIVE_HUMIDITY,TEMPERATURE,". It is written with the code: return String(RH) + "," + String(Temp) + "," 
#### Parameters
* `takeNewReadings` if `true` run `updateMeasurements` before returning values. Otherwise, just return values.

#### `public String `[`getHeader`](#classT9602_1a1c142e679718be0af6c894d189645d3a)`()` 

Return the header as an Arduino string: "Relative Humidity [%],Temp Atmos [C],".

#### `public bool `[`sleep`](#classT9602_1aa2b24ba14c280c5219f8b5346a1fe02b)`()` 

Dummy function to enable sleep mode.

Currently not used. Instead, we simply power the sensor down.

Generated by [Moxygen](https://sourcey.com/moxygen)